DESIGN DOCUMENT

This document describes each of the files in MarinePlastics pertaining to the
website development of the website.

client/src/_helpers/ChartHelpers.js
Helper functions for client/src/Location/Charts.jsx and
client/src/SurveyEntry/SurveyCharts.jsx

client/src/_helpers/SortHelper.js
Helper functions for client/src/Home/Home.jsx

client/src/About/About.js
Code for the about page. The about page explains the Marine Plastics Monitor and
Clean Oceans International.

client/src/About/bottle.jpg
Image of an empty plastic water bottle that appears on the about page

client/src/About/COI.png
Logo for Clean Oceans International that appears on the about page

client/src/admin/AdminListChild.jsx
Shows on the admin page one entry in a list of current admins. Admins can remove
admin privileges.

client/src/admin/adminPage.css
Style sheet for the admin page

client/src/admin/AdminPage.jsx
Code for the admin page. The admin page can only be viewed by users with admin
privileges. It allows for admins to edit user privileges.

client/src/admin/ProfileViewer.jsx
Shows the profile for a user when an admin searches for a user by their email

client/src/Footer/Footer.js
The footer for all pages except the landing page. It is a link to the website
for Clean Oceans International.

client/src/Header/Header.css
Style sheet for header for pages

client/src/Header/Header.jsx
The header for all pages except the landing page. Includes links to each of the
pages the user is allowed to go to. These links include the link to the home
page, the survey add survey page if the user is logged in, the protocol page,
the about page, the admin page if the user is an admin, the profile page if the
user is logged in, and either a link to log in or log out.

client/src/Home/home.css
Style sheet for the home page

client/src/Home/Home.jsx
Code for the home page. The home page has a list on the left side of the beaches
where surveys have been conducted and submitted. On the right side is a map that
shows the location of the different beaches. Users can search beaches, change
how the beaches are ordered, or choose to only view the list of beaches or the
map.

client/src/Home/LocationBar.jsx
Displays one item in the list of beaches displayed on the home page. Shows the
coordinates of the beach. If the user clicks on the box of a beach, it shows a
list of dates of the surveys that have been submitted, and a link to the
location page for the beach.

client/src/Landing/beach-edit.jpg
The background picture that displays on the landing page. It is an image of
waves on a beach.

client/src/Landing/landing.css
Style sheet for the landing page

client/src/Landing/Landing.js
Code for the landing page, which is the first page a user arrives to. It has a
link for the user to either log in or continue as a guest, or just continue if
the user is already logged in.

client/src/Location/Charts.jsx
Histogram and pie chart describing the total amount of trash per type of survey
found on a specific beach and the percentage of each type of debris,
respectively. On the location page.

client/src/Location/Location.jsx
Code for the location page. Includes histogram, pie chart, and list of surveys
made on the beach, given by the survey date. Also shows map of the beach
location.

client/src/Map/Map.css
Style sheet for map

client/src/Map/Map.js
Code for Google Map used on home page and location page. Has markers displaying
the locations of the beaches.

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/AccumulationSurvey.jsx
Code for the accumulation survey subsection of the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/MicroDebrisSurvey.jsx
Code for the micro debris survey subsection of the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/Review.jsx
Code for the review page. Allows users to review
the information entered in the survey before submitting it.

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/SurfaceRibScan.jsx
Code for the surface rib scan subsection of the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/SurveyArea.jsx
Code for the survey area subsection of the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/TeamInformation.jsx
Code for the team information subsection of the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/Totals.jsx
Code for the totals subsection of the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/TableRows/AccumulationSurveyRow.jsx
One row for the accumulation survey subsection

client/src/NewSurveyForm/TableRows/ASRowReview.js
One row for the data entered from the accumulation survey, in the review page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/TableRows/MDSRowReview.js
One row for the data entered from the micro debris survey, in the review page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/TableRows/ReviewTable.js
One row for the data entered from the surface rib scan, in the review page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/TableRows/RibScanRow.jsx
One row for the surface rib scan subsection

client/src/NewSurveyForm/accordion-styles.css
Style sheet for the accordion of survey subsections on the add survey page

client/src/NewSurveyForm/BeachSearch.jsx
The dropdown box of a list of beaches that have surveys submitted for
autofilling information in the survey area subsection

client/src/NewSurveyForm/debrisInfo.js
List of the different types of debris for the surface rib scan and accumulation
survey subsections

client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveyForm.jsx
Code for the add survey page. It first shows an accordion of the different
survey subsections and a review button. When the user clicks on the review
button, if the data entered is invalid, a message at the top of the page
explains what errors the user needs to fix. If the data entered is valid, the
page then displays all of the information entered on a review page, along with
a submit button at the bottom and a button at the top to go back to the input
page to change the information entered. When the user clicks on the submit
button, the survey is submitted to the database, a confirmation is displayed,
along with a link to the home page and a button to add another survey.

client/src/PageNotFound/notFound.css
Style sheet for the page not found page

client/src/PageNotFound/PageNotFound.js
Code for the page not found page that explains that the user tried to access a
page that doesn't exist. Also includes a link back to the home page.

client/src/Protocol/COI.png
Logo for Clean Oceans International on the protocol page

client/src/Protocol/Protocol.js
Code for the protocol page. Explains the importance of the project and why it is
important to follow the protocol found in the link to the shoreline plastic
monitoring field guide. Also has a link to the most current data sheet to
conduct a survey.

client/src/SurveyEntry/editableTable.jsx

client/src/SurveyEntry/SurveyCharts.jsx

client/src/SurveyEntry/surveyEdit.css

client/src/SurveyEntry/surveyEntry.css

client/src/SurveyEntry/SurveyEntry.jsx

client/src/SurveyEntry/surveyEntryEdit.jsx

client/src/SurveyEntry/SurveyTableRow.jsx

client/src/Tests/__snapshots__/Review.test.js.snap
Snapshot for testing rendering the Review component at
client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/Review.jsx using
client/src/Tests/Review.test.js

client/src/Tests/Review.test.js
Tests the Review component at
client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveySubsections/Review.jsx using
client/src/Tests/Review-test-data.js

client/src/Tests/Review-test-data.js
Test variables for client/src/Tests/Review.test.js

client/src/Tests/SurveyForm.test.js
Tests the methods in the SurveyForm component at
client/src/NewSurveyForm/SurveyForm.jsx using
client/src/Tests/SurveyForm-test-data.js

client/src/Tests/SurveyForm-test-data.js
Test variables for client/src/Tests/SurveyForm.test.js

client/src/UserProfile/UserProfile.jsx
Code for the profile page. Shows image for user, user's email, and a button to
log out

client/src/App.css
Main style sheet for the website

client/src/App.jsx
The main component from which the website is rendered, and handles all of the
client-side routing

client/src/Auth.js
Contains the configuration code for implementing to auth0's WebAuth class, and
handles authentification as well as authorization and role checking, and
obtaining profile information

client/src/index.js
First file that is run, which calls the App component from client/src/App.jsx.
Controls whether or not the app allows user to work on it offline. Currently
that option is disabled.

client/src/serviceWorker.js
Code that controls how the website runs in production

pdfs/COIDataSheet_2020.pdf
Most recent data sheet linked on the protocol page

pdfs/ShorelinePlasticMonitoringFieldGuide.pdf
Instructions on how to conduct a survey linked on the protocol page

routes/auth0.js
Handles user permission calls, role changes, and profile searches for admins

routes/dataEntry.js
Handles all endpoints that are related to beach and survey queries, as well as
any updates to any survey data

server_modules/joi-validation.js
Handles all of the form validation functions to ensure that the data is
sanitized and within proper constraints. Adding new debris categories may need
to be reflected here by adjusting the maximum size of the SRSDebris and ASDebris
categories.

server_modules/mongoose.js
Exports functions used in /routes/dataEntry.js to create, read, update, and
delete form and beach data

server_modules/mongooseSchemas.js
Defines the schemas used to store survey and beach data. If any changes need to
be made to the form (excluding the debris types), it would need to be made here.

server.js
Sets up the different software parts of the app, including the database and
linking
